README.md, before:

# ruby-js-algorithms

This is just a place for me to work on Algorithms after the Flatiron School Software Engineering Bootcamp.

# Here are the algorithms currently functional in this repo:

## The Blanket Pattern
- Functional in JavaScript and Ruby
## The Guessing Game
- Functional only in Ruby
## Word Pig Latinizer
- Functional only in Ruby
## Ruby Blanks
- Functional only in Ruby
## Dice
- Functional only in Ruby
## Radio
- Functional only in Ruby
## SecureRadio
- Functional only in Ruby
- Encrypts the radio projects radio class using a shift cipher
## Birth_Date_Analysis
- Functional only in Ruby
- A program that utilizes Ruby Date class
## To_Do_List
- Functional only in Ruby
- A class that inherits from Ruby Enumerable
## Custom_Exception
- Functional only in Ruby
- An application that utilizes a custom exception class
## List Maker
- Functional only in Ruby
- An application that utilizes the Ruby File class
## Multi List Maker
- Functional only in Ruby
- Same project as list maker, except that it allows users to have multiple lists
## Mail Merge
- Functional only in Ruby
- An application that takes a CSV file and merges it to a letter which ends up with a whole bunch of text files that have the 
right information as letters that are ready to send out
## getObjFromString
- Non-functional in JavaScript
- is a javascript function utilizing recursion to take every character from a string, make it a key in a hash, and for every time the 
same letter appears, the value of that character key points to a count that increases by 1.

Commit message:

updated repo readme for javascript recursion challenge

README.md, after:

# ruby-js-algorithms

This is just a place for me to work on Algorithms after the Flatiron School Software Engineering Bootcamp.

# Here are the algorithms currently functional in this repo:

## The Blanket Pattern
- Functional in JavaScript and Ruby
## The Guessing Game
- Functional only in Ruby
## Word Pig Latinizer
- Functional only in Ruby
## Ruby Blanks
- Functional only in Ruby
## Dice
- Functional only in Ruby
## Radio
- Functional only in Ruby
## SecureRadio
- Functional only in Ruby
- Encrypts the radio projects radio class using a shift cipher
## Birth_Date_Analysis
- Functional only in Ruby
- A program that utilizes Ruby Date class
## To_Do_List
- Functional only in Ruby
- A class that inherits from Ruby Enumerable
## Custom_Exception
- Functional only in Ruby
- An application that utilizes a custom exception class
## List Maker
- Functional only in Ruby
- An application that utilizes the Ruby File class
## Multi List Maker
- Functional only in Ruby
- Same project as list maker, except that it allows users to have multiple lists
## Mail Merge
- Functional only in Ruby
- An application that takes a CSV file and merges it to a letter which ends up with a whole bunch of text files that have the 
right information as letters that are ready to send out
## JavaScript String Conversion
- Functional in JavaScript
- Is an algorithm utilizing **Recursion** in order to convert a string into an object containing a key of each character with a value of the number of times it appeared in the string.
